Nation Icons
- Black Hole Icon - Jakub Ukrop, SK (Noun Project)

- Orange Star Icon - Star by gufron m from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=star&i=2056275

- Blue Moon Icon - Moon by Chameleon Design from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Moon&i=1420295

- Yellow Comet Icon - Comet by Vectorstall from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Comet&i=3713813

- Green Earth - Circle by Aybige from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Circle&i=1841891

Unit Icons
- Meteor Strike - meteor by Oliver Kittler from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Meteor&i=461846

- Neotank - Tank by faisalovers from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Tank&i=929971

- Special Ops - soldier helmet by Ben Davis from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=soldier+helmet&i=285751

- Orange Bomber - stealth by Tinashe Mugayi from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=stealth+bomber&i=638995

- Extended Range MRLS - missile by Eucalyp from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Missile&i=4158642

- Battle Copter - Helicopter by Candra from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Helicopter&i=3080587

- Assault Troopers - knives by Ker'is from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Knives&i=1476106

- Mega Tank - tank by Renan Ferreira Santos from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Tank&i=38901

Building Icons
- Deathray - Deathray by Lluisa Iborra from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=advance%20wars&i=1605007

- Black Cannon - Cannon by Lluisa Iborra from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=advance%20wars&i=1604995

- National Treasury - vault by Nociconist from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=vault&i=1547506

- Communications Tower - https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Radio+Tower&i=25401

Promotion Icons
- Relentless Invasion - sprinting by ProSymbols from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Sprint&i=1870867

- Combat Pay - pay by iconpixel from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=pay&i=3774959

- Landlubber - drown by Adrien Coquet from the Noun Project
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=drowning&i=2696249

- Samurai Spirit - By Maxicons, TH 
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Samurai&i=2360014

- Spirit of Conquest - By ProSymbols, US
https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=Soldier&i=2096478


Special thanks to GeneralWadaling (THE BUCKETEER) for helping me develop the unit sprites.

Music:
Black Hole:
von Bolt's Theme - By 0rangaStang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aYPGJza1PdQ&t=8s&ab_channel=0rangaStang

Orange Star:
Andy's Anthem - FullHealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XKBUyAR1S6I&ab_channel=FullHealth

Sami's Theme - FullHealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NSENH7rwy3g&ab_channel=FullHealth

Blue Moon:

Olaf's Theme - FullHealth
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2d0QlzUd4xM&ab_channel=FullHealth

All of the music used were developed by Nintendo, credited music were edited/remixed